Update Lambda Log Forwarder docs troubleshooting - timestamps (#700)
DataDog/datadog-serverless-functions: aws/logs_monitoring/README.md

Manually updating the `.zip` code of the Forwarder may cause conflicts with Cloudformation updates for Forwarder installations where the code is packaged in a Lambda layer (default installation choice from version `3.33.0`) and cause invocation errors. In this case, updating the stack through Cloudformation to the latest available twice in a row (first with `InstallAsLayer` set to `false`, and then to `true`) should solve the issue as it will remove any `.zip` remnants and install the latest layer available.

If you still couldn't figure out, please create a ticket for [Datadog Support][10] with a copy of debugging logs.

> ### JSON-formatted logs not appearing in Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JSON-formatted logs are not appearing in Datadog
```

> If your logs contain an attribute that Datadog parses as a timestamp, you need to make sure that the timestamp is both current and in the correct format. To learn more about which attributes are parsed as timestamps, and how to make sure that the timestamp is valid, visit the [Logs Processors > Log date remapper documentation][24].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your logs contain an attribute that Datadog parses as a timestamp, you need to make sure that the timestamp is both current and in the correct format. See [Log Date Remapper][24] to learn about which attributes are parsed as timestamps and how to make sure that the timestamp is valid.
```
